QS:PC Updates (#768)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/quickstart-public-cloud/pages/setup.adoc

[[quickstart-publiccloud-setup]]
= Setting up

This guide shows you the fastest way to get {productname} up and running in a public cloud using on-demand or BYOS services.

> We have tested using {productname} on Amazon EC2, Google Compute Engine, and Microsoft Azure, but they should work on other providers as well, with some variation.

Reviewer: What do you mean with "they" here?

Author: heh, the sentence used to have "these instructions" in it. How about this:

```suggestion
We have tested using {productname} on Amazon EC2, Google Compute Engine, and Microsoft Azure, but these procedures should work with other public cloud providers as well, with some variation.
```

Reviewer: LGTM, thanks! :)

There are three main methods of using {productname} on a public cloud service.

Bring your own subscription (BYOS)::
Most public cloud providers make a BYOS image of {productname} available.
This means you do not need to install {productname}, just set up the server.
You will need to have {suse} product entitlements before you begin, and there are some additional setup steps required.
The public cloud documentation in the {productname} documentation suite assumes you are using this method.

Virtual machine on public cloud::
In this method, you subscribe to a public cloud service, and install {productname} in a virtual machine, using the unified installer.
You will need to have {suse} product entitlements before you begin.
You can do this by following all the same instructions as you would for any local {productname} installation.

On-demand {sles} pay as you go (PAYG) image::

> Most public cloud providers make a BYOS image of {sles} available.

Reviewer: The user would expect information about PAYG first here, imo.

Author: I was trying to de-proritise it, because BYOS is the preferred method. There is some discussion that we should not mention PAYG at all, since it involves additional subs.

Reviewer: Yes, but what confuses me is that the label (l. 20) announces something about PAYG, but then you start with saying sth. about BYOS (l. 21).

Author: Yeah, coz it's BYOS image of *SLES*, not SUMA.
